I"Ç<p>I hope you will study philosophy. I hope you will study history. But more important than that, is that you will study whatever you passions are. People in life who are the most successful are people who figured out their passions. There are many people who never do. But figure out you passions and then pursue them. Study whatever you think is wonderful. I mean, if your passion is gardening, I can assure you, your professors are gonna say: ‚Äúyou didn‚Äôt come to Yale to study gardening!‚Äù And your parents are gonna say: ‚ÄúOh my God! What have we done? We didn‚Äôt send you to Yale-NUS to study gardening. It‚Äôs expensive.‚Äù And all of your classmates are going to laugh and ridicule you. They will say: ‚ÄúWhat is wrong with you? You think you are so interested in gardening?‚Äù But someday, you are gonna be so happy, you never gonna go to work. You gonna wake up every morning. You can hardly wait to get going to your gardening because you are having so much fun. And someday you gonna be the gardener in Buckingham Palace. And someday you gonna have a chain of garden shops all throughout Asia. Your stock is gonna be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. And you parents are gonna say: ‚ÄúWe knew you will be a good gardener! You know how we used to give you seeds?‚Äù Apparently they are gonna say: ‚ÄúWe encouraged you! You remember we were trying to give you well-rounded education and show you plants and trees, things like that?‚Äù And your peers, all of them will call you and say: ‚ÄúGosh! We need a job! We didn‚Äôt pursue our passion. We did something else. We were investment banker. And now we don‚Äôt have a job. Can we please come to work for you in your garden shop?‚Äù So figure out your passions. Pursue them no matter what they are. I had no clue, when I was a senior at Yale, I was gonna go to law schools and medical school and medical school. I was obviously a confused young man had no clue. Quite by chance, I stumbled onto the Wall Street. Before that I knew nothing about that. I knew it was in New York. I knew something bad that happened in 1929. I didn‚Äôt know there were differences between stocks and bonds. I stumble onto the Wall Street I happened to like the guy. So I took a summer job. I immediately fell in love. I knew I was in the right place because this is the place my passion are. My passion  has always been, even if I was back in Alabama, trying to figure out what is going on in the world, to know as much about the world as I could. And here was a place that they would pay me, pay me a lot of money if I did it well, just to know the world. To know what is coming and what is going to change. I mean I would work for nothing. I couldn‚Äôt afford for nothing. But If I could have, I would work for nothing because this is just unbelievable to me! So if you can find that place, that profession that pursuit, whatever it is, I urge you to do so. Most of you are too young now to probably know yourselve. Some of you may be lucky enough to know yourselves. But work at it, try to know what you love the most. Don‚Äôt listen to me, your parents, your friends. Figure it out for yourself. And you will be extremely happy and successful.</p>
:ET